The London Navy's military training meeting was finally cancelled on January 15.
Our Japan was in a state of crisis of retreat.
Therefore, the Washington-London naval treaty is a history of the past, with the end of the year being full of ups and downs.
Over the past 14 years, the agreement between the UK, the United States, and Japan,
the 553 ratio, which was the promise of the navy, was abolished, and the navy was in a state of complete disrepair.
As a result, Japan can have the same power as the UK and the United States,
and if the UK and the United States are 5, Japan is also 5,
and if the UK and the United States have 10, Japan can have that much power.
The words, such as,
Why the UK forgives the US, while the US forgives the US, while the UK forgives the US,
are the words that have been expressed directly by the fact that we, the Japanese people, should not say anything since the Washington meeting.
It is a natural right for any country to prepare for the security of the nation and to prepare for the threat and invasion of other countries,
without feeling any anxiety.
It is not allowed in a single country, and it is not allowed in other countries.
This is something that cannot be admitted by the international community.
Japan has been doing so so far, but it is a natural right for us to define it as a resolution to reform it when the time comes for this unreasonable treaty.
Even at the London meeting, we have already made this a resolution and have been making it available to the UK and the United States until today.
In addition, continuing this unreasonable treaty is no longer allowed considering Japan's current strength and current international status.
Even if we stand in any condition, this unreasonable treaty must be corrected.